# Sample Package v1.2

## Purchase list

1. Copper rod stock

    Superconducting 101 copper rod, Diameter = 1.5"

    https://www.mcmaster.com/8965k75

2. Screws for fastening (4 for each)

    \#4-40 Brass socket head screw, Length = 5/8"

    https://www.mcmaster.com/93465a111

3. Screws for mounting (2 for each)

    \#4-40 Brass Pan Head Phillips Screws, Length = 1"

    https://www.mcmaster.com/94070a115

4. Nuts for mounting (2 for each)

    \#4-40 Brass hex nut, Width = 1/4", Height = 3/32"

    https://www.mcmaster.com/92671a005

5. Screws for thermalization (1 for each)

    \#4-40 Brass socket head screw, Length = 1/4"

    https://www.mcmaster.com/93465a106
    
## Milling procedures

These G-code files are generated in a certain order. Particularly, I assume that the milling procedures are performed before the drilling ones.

#### The way I name the files:

1. The first letter:

        x: Stands for the top part
        y: Stands for the bottom part
        
2. The second letter:

        t: Stands for the topside of the part
        b: Stands for the bottomside of the part
        
3. Letter "c" indicates that this file is for center drills

4. The numbers indicats the tool to use.

### Top, Topside

1. Pockets: 3/32" End Mill

        xt332.txt

2. Center Drills

        xtc43.txt (Z = -0.015")
        xtc32.txt (Z = -0.135")
        xtc3mm.txt (Z = -0.135")
        
3. \#4-40 tapped holes: #43 Drill Bit

        xt43.txt (Z = -0.620")

4. \#4-40 close fit: #32 Drill Bit

        xt32.txt (Z = -0.620")

5. \#4-40 mounting holes: 3mm Drill Bit

        xt3mm.txt (Z = -0.620")
          
### Top, Bottomside

1. The pocket: 3/32" End Mill

        xb332.txt
        
### Bottom, Topside

1. Pockets: 3/32" End Mill

        yt332.txt

1. Center Drills

        ytc45.txt (Z = -0.015")
        ytc43a.txt (Z = -0.105")
        ytc43b.txt (Z = -0.055")
        ytc3mm.txt (Z = -0.055")

2. Post pockets: #45 Drill Bit

        yt45.txt (Z = -0.0667")
        
3. \#4-40 tapped holes and IO holes: #43 Drill Bit

        yt43.txt (Z = -0.300")
        
4. \#4-40 mounting holes: 3mm Drill Bit

        yt3mm.txt (Z = -0.300")
        

        
### Bottom, Bottomside

1. Pockets: 3/32" End Mill

        yb332.txt

## Guidelines for CNC machining (Bridgeport EZTrak)

### Workflow
    
1. Design the part using SolidWorks.

2. Generate the toolpaths using the built-in SolidWorks CAM.

3. Generate the G-code files using a post processor named "EZTRAK_G.ctl". One G-code file corresponding to one toolpath only (without tool change operations).

4. Use the python scripts to modify the generated G-code files.

### Compatibility

The machine is old, which means certain G-code commands are not recognized by this machine. The known examples include:
  
1. Drilling commands like G81, G83

2. Tool radius compensation commands like G40, G41

In order to bypass these commands, we use python scripts to modify the G-code files generated by the default "Contour Mill" and "Drill" operations in SolidWorks CAM.

### Milling

We do both roughing & finishing procedures. G-code file for the finishing procedure is modified by the python script "modify_gcode.py".

1. Spindle

        Spindle Speed = 2400 rpm

2. Feedrates:

        XY Feedrate = 8 in/min
    
        Z Feedrate = 4 in/min
        
        Leadin Feedrate = 4 in/min
    
3. Side parameters:
    
        Allowance = 0.01 in
        
        Stepover = 80%
      
        Wedge Machining: True
      
4. Depth parameters:

    a. For roughing

        Bottom Allowance = 0 in
    
        Island Allowance = 0 in
    
        First Cut Amount = 0.02 in
    
        Max Cut Amount = 0.02 in
    
        Final Cut Amount = 0.01 in
        
    b. for finishing
    
        Allowance = 0 in
    
        First Cut Amount = 10 in
    
        Max Cut Amount = 10 in
    
        Final Cut Amount = 0 in
        
        (The value "10 in" can be as large as possible)
        
        
### Drilling

We do centering before drilling. G-code file for both procedures are modified by the python script "modify_gcode.py". Spindle and feedrate parameters are the same as used in the milling procedures.

1. Center Drill

        Center Drill Depth = 0.015 in

2. Drill

        Add Tip Length: True
        
3. Pecking (This parameter is defined in the python file "gcode-tools.py")

        Pecking Depth = 0.050"

## Related projects

1. A new sample rack and a new copper bucket for our new fridge
